Add documentation for support of APIM 4.x versions (#184)
wso2/docs-mg: en/docs/how-tos/adding-apis/importing-a-group-of-apis-from-wso2-api-manager.md

2.  Import the APIs, which are published in WSO2 API Manager, that correspond to a specific Microgateway label.

>     !!! note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! note - Importing APIs from APIM 4.x versions
```

Author: It's not possible to add a header to a note. Therefore, added this as a bold text inside the note from https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/184/commits/e859e260fbfe0c94a1b89bed7dab4606bc37b31c

        In order to import APIs from API Manager 4.x versions, add the specific API Manager version configuration to the <MICROGW_HOME>/conf/toolkit-config.toml file. (The following configuration is for API Manager 4.0.0)
        
        ``` toml
        [token]
        apimVersion = "4.0.0"
        ```

>         For API Manager 4.x versions, the **-l** argument is required to specify the gateway environment when importing an API. The imported API will correspond to the latest deployed version of the specified gateway environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that the **-l** argument is required to specify the gateway environment when importing an API. The imported API will correspond to the latest deployed version of the specified gateway environment.
```

Author: Done with https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/184/commits/50d67d45206cb74d0620e3be7f91ee74c6d8bb38
